Added explanation in 'Differentially rotating a map' example (#4548)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4548.doc.rst

> Added description for a counter-intuitive section in the 'Differentially rotating a map' example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added description for a counter-intuitive section in the :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_differential_rotation_reprojected_map.py` example.
```
